Update transaction-life-cycle.adoc with a note on rejected transactions (#1141)
starknet-io/starknet-docs: components/Starknet/modules/architecture_and_concepts/pages/Network_Architecture/transaction-life-cycle.adoc

|Status type |Status |Explanation

.5+|*Finality* |`NOT_RECEIVED` |The transaction is not yet known to the sequencer.
|`RECEIVED` a|The transaction was received by the mempool. The transaction now either executes successfully, is rejected, or reverted.

> The transaction has no execution status.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

The transaction has no execution status.
```

> |`REJECTED` a|The transaction was received by the mempool but failed validation in the sequencer. Such transactions are not included in a block.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`REJECTED` a|The transaction was received by the mempool but failed validation in the sequencer. Such transactions are not included in a block.

```

The transaction has no execution status.

> [NOTE]

Reviewer: ```suggestion

[NOTE]
```

====
If the finality status of a transaction is `RECEIVED` or `REJECTED`, the transaction does not have an execution status.
====

> [NOTE]

Reviewer: ```suggestion

[NOTE]
```

====

> A `REJECTED` transaction is stored in the mempool and another transaction with the same transaction hash cannot be sent again.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A `REJECTED` transaction is stored in the mempool. You cannot send another transaction with the same transaction hash.
```
